## Description

Well Web is the official front-end web app to access content in the Aquifer.

It's designed as a PWA (Progressive Web App) allowing a user to download
content to their device and use it in an offline environment.

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn install
```

## Setup

Use the appropriate config vars for your env (to specify the API URL among other things)

```bash
# local server
$ yarn use-config local

# dev server
$ yarn use-config dev-local
```

## Running the app

```bash
# development
$ yarn run dev - --open

# production mode (required to test PWA functionality)
$ yarn run build && serve -s build
```

## Lint

```bash
# lint
$ yarn run lint
```

## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ yarn run test
```

## Feature Flags

To add a new feature flag, go to `feature-flags.store.ts` and add your flag to the `defaultConfig`.

To toggle feature flags, open the feature flag modal by:

-   On desktop, add `#ff` to the end of the address bar
-   On mobile, tap the following sequence on the screen: Top Left, Top Right, Top Right, Bottom Left

## Service Worker/PWA

The manifest for the PWA is built from the config in `config/service-worker-pwa.config.ts`. It's injected into the
service worker that lives at `src/service-worker.ts`, where it's exposed as `self.__WB_MANIFEST`.

The service worker uses Workbox under the hood to abstract away a lot of the boilerplate in handling request caching.
Workbox gives some request strategies out of the box and some more custom strategies are defined in the codebase in the
form of plugins. See [Workbox Strategies](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/workbox/modules/workbox-strategies) for more
information.

The `static/js/caching-config.js` file specifies some configuration that deals with detecting and parsing different
types of API URLs that have different caching requirements. That config gets used when calling `registerRoute` to map a
given request to the correct Workbox strategy.

The service worker runs in its own worker separate from the main app thread. This means there's some boilerplate needed
to get the user's ID as generated by App Insights across from the main thread into the service worker where it can be
tagged onto requests.

## Generate APK

This is useful for distributing the app to users who may not have internet access.

### Automated Build

Use `yarn apk:build` to run the manual steps in order, as well as handle the signing key stored in Azure Key Vault. See
below for the options available for preloading content.

```bash
$ yarn apk:build language=eng bible=BSB book=mark audio=true resources=true
```

### Manual Build

1. You have to preload the files into the static diretory.

-   language: the language code of the content you want to preload
-   bible: the bible code of the content you want to preload
-   book: bible chapter to preload
-   audio: true/false to preload audio files
-   resources: true/false to preload resource files

```bash
$ yarn apk:preload-content language=eng bible=BSB book=mark audio=true resources=true
```

2. Build the app

```bash
$ yarn run build
```

3. Generate assets from `resources/*.png` files

```bash
$ npx capacitor-assets generate --android
```

4. Sync the app into the capacitor android project

```bash
$ npx cap sync android
```

5. Using Android Studio, build the APK

```bash
$ npx cap open android
```
